1	20 Minuten (CH) News	Get the latest News from 20 Minuten about Switzerland and the world.
2	3 Sentence Service	Managing a three sentence service. You can add, remove, view and invoke your 3 sentence services.
3	60sec site	Generate a beautiful website in 60 seconds using AI.
4	A/B Analytics	A/B test and analyze data from Google Analytics, Facebook Ads and more. Powered by Avian.io.
5	A/B JUDGE	Judge whether the A/B test results are superior or not.
6	A&A Cards by For.io	Create beautiful social media cards and cheatsheets with summary lists or data tables, from any text as input.
7	A&B Summarize!	Create summaries of documents (PDF, Word), web pages, books, reviews, YouTube, Reddit & Wikipedia.
8	Aalii FileChat	File management, in-depth analysis, and quick information retrieval.
9	Aardvark AI	Search for Products on Google Shopping in Real-Time, No Ads, Only Trusted Stores.
10	Aardwolf ads	Unlock stunning image ads with just a link. Our Bestever AI scripts, polishes your visuals, and generates magic!
11	Aaron Browser	I'll scrape data from multiple website URLs. Built for Internet crawling, content aggregation, and monitoring.
12	Aaron Build Resume	Create impressive professional resume/CV from scratch or update an existing one. Export as PDF and .docx.
13	Aaron Chat PDF	I'll extract, analyze & chat with multiple PDFs or Google Drive documents. Ask questions, get answers & page references.
14	Aaron Code Review	I'll review GitHub code, summarize it & suggest improvements. Submit Git commit details or URL/link for insights.
15	Aaron Confluence AI	Chat with your Confluence wiki. Share your Confluence pages (and other links!) as context, and get personalised answers.
16	Aaron Docs Chat	Get an oracle that can answer questions based on your Google Docs™, Slides™ and Sheets™.
17	Aaron Notion Chat	Chat with your Notion™ wiki. Share your Notion pages (and other links!) as context, and get personalised answers.
18	AarticleCreator	An AI-based platform designed for rapidly and automatically writing all kinds of articles.
19	ABC Music Notation	Converts ABC music notation to WAV, MIDI, and PostScript files.
20	ABC Website Maker	Create web apps, websites, custom code, and more, easy as ABC! Turn prompts/chats into apps in seconds!
21	Able	🔌🚀 Use store addons without install! Simply type ‘Able PlugName’ for 1-click testing of chat extension and instant run.
22	Able Network Monitor	Monitor websites, email servers, check dns resolution, ping services and check for quantum safe encryption.
23	Able Style Fashion	Able Style is a fashion assistant who will help you answer the question, 'What shall I wear today?'
24	Abridged Due Diligence	Discover the details! Search through recent SEC filings, with links to deeper analysis.
25	Access Google Sheet	Ask your Google Sheets questions & chat with excel. Enter Google Drive link to start!
26	Access Link	Access any links on the web and get the information you need.
27	Access PDF & Docs	Ask your PDF questions, summarize info & chat with PDF! Enter Google Drive link to start!
28	Access PDF Export	Generate beautiful PDFs in seconds, from cover letters, resumes, charts, graphs, contracts & lists.
29	Accurate PDF	Interactive conversations with PDFs of any length, with accurate quotes and page citations. Powered by Avian.io
30	Acquire.com	Everything you need to buy and sell startups.
31	ad4mat	Generate affiliate tracking links to monetize outgoing traffic - based on 50,000+ advertisers.
32	Adzviser	It retrieves users' real-time reporting data from Google Ads, Facebook Ads, Bing Ads, GA4 and more.
33	AeroDex	Aviation data from aviationweather.gov for entertainment. Not for pre-flight decision making.
34	Affilitizer	Find all affiliate programs and advertisers including the network they are available in.
35	AFinChat	Get information and analyze A-share stocks, but search for information only from China.
36	AgentSQL	Interact with your Snowflake databases or your csv files.
37	Agones	Agones provides soccer (football) results for matches played all over the world in the past 15 years.
38	AI Agents	Unleashing the power of multiple AIs: One goal, limitless productivity.
39	AI Browse and Search	Combine Google search results with AI, research information from the internet and browse webpages.
40	AI Data Analyst	Dive into your data like never before. No code, no complex queries; just plain English.
41	Ai Drive	Chat with with all your pdfs files and more. Keep everything organized in your personal Ai Drive.
42	AI Extensions	Craft your extensions with ease! Step-by-step guidance at your fingertips.
43	AI Gift Finder	Use the power of AI to find the perfect gift.
44	Ai PDF	Super-fast, interactive chats with PDFs of any size, complete with page references for fact checking.
45	AI Quest	An interactive text adventure. Your choices shape the AI-crafted narrative. Each playthrough is a unique story.
46	AI Search Engine	Search and browse the web using Google Search results (SERP) with your AI Search Engine.
47	AI Theme Finder	I'll find and compare top WordPress themes for your next blog or website. Just provide your preferences.
48	Ai Tool Hunt	Explore the ideal AI solutions for all use cases, drawn from the most comprehensive global database of AI tools.
49	AI Video Summarizer	Ask questions, analyzing, and parsing through YouTube videos by simply providing a YouTube video URL.
50	AI2sql	Converts a natural language text into an SQL query.
51	AI4ERP	Plugin for asking questions related to SAP, including transaction codes, business processes, Fiori Tiles/Apps, and more.
52	AILC History	Draw maps of kingdoms, empires and battles. Search for images to illustrate what you are learning. Show timelines.
53	AIMaster	The prompt is too difficult, now you only need to provide the desired prompt keywords, and you can use the prompt.
54	AIPLUX TM	Analyse your business and recommend NICE classifications and items to file for trademarks.
55	AISEO Article Writer	Create Serp-based, NLP friendly articles within minutes.
56	AISEO Repurposer	Convert any article or YouTube video into blogs, tweets, emails, scripts, press releases, landing pages & more.
57	AIstrologer	Search for the horoscope for each zodiac sign for a specific date.
58	AITickerChat	Retrieve USA stock insights from SEC filings as well as Earnings Call Transcripts.
59	AladinBooks	Search for books on Aladin.
60	Alarm Advisor	Get expert advice on Telenot alarm systems and personalized support for your home and business security.
61	AlbaDOC	Your trusted source for Canadian drug information.
62	Alchemy	Request real-time blockchain data for chains like Ethereum, Polygon, Arbitrum and Optimism through natural language.
63	Algorand Explorer	Algorand blockchain explorer and search with enriched augmented data. Built by GoPlausible!
64	Algorithma	Shape your virtual life with in this immersive life simulator game to begin Type /start to begin.
65	AlphaNotes	Transform YouTube video courses into your personal study guide, making learning efficient and enjoyable.
66	AmazingTalker	Elevate your language learning at any level with personalized 1-on-1 online lessons from tutors across the world.
67	Amazon Finds	Find any Amazon product you need.
68	Amazon Gift Chooser	Curated gifts for every occasion and special person.
69	Ambition	Search millions of jobs near you.
70	AnaBot	AnaBot is a conversational guide for well-being industry insights and trends.
71	AnalyticsAI	Connect to your Google Analytics™ and get data with AI using simple prompts.
72	Analyze Act	An API that provides access to data stored in Analyze Act, collected from Google Analytics.
73	Andorra	All of Andorra with the power of AI.
74	Angi Pro Finder	Find top-rated certified pros in your area for all your home projects & services.
75	AnyBarChart	Create captivating bar charts with ease. Customize labels, colors, and titles for a tailored visual experience!
76	AnySheet	Create CSV files and Excel sheets effortlessly and securely.
77	AnySlides	Easily Generate Stunning PowerPoint Presentations from Your Data or Any URL.
78	APEX Map	Checking the current APEX Legends Ranked Map.
79	API Bot	This is a conversational bot that lets you ask questions about a variety
80	Apify	Scrape Google Search results, crawl websites and query web pages found, and browse individual web pages.
81	AppCreator	A cloud-native platform designed for rapid and automated web application development and testing.
82	Appy Pie App Builder	AI-powered Text-to-App Generator turns your app idea into Android and iOS apps- just provide text input.
83	Argil AI	Generate images without learning how to prompt.
84	ArtCollection	Search through millions of art pieces from The Metropolitan Museum of Art.
85	ASH	ASH by lagogal.com. Currently it provides currency converter.
86	Ask About Austin	A tool that allows the user to get information about Austin Poor.
87	Ask Link Bot	Conversational bot to ask a question about a link and receive an answer based on that.
88	Ask MFM	Ask the hosts of the My First Million questions about business, tech, entrepreneurship, and life.
89	Ask VG	Search through VG's content archive.
90	AskChloe	Discover your style and get personalized recommendations on clothing, accessories, gifts, and more.
91	AskForQrcode	Generate QR code for any any requirement, Text, Url , V card and more.
92	AskTheCode	Provide a GitHub repository URL with the C# project and ask about any aspect of the code.
93	AskYourCode	Ask your code without having to copy-paste it. Works with most popular programming languages.
94	AskYourDatabase	Chat with your databases without writing any SQL code.
95	AskYourKG	This plugin uses the knowledge of the documents uploaded to askyourkg.cogniswitch.ai and chats with that knowledge.
96	AskYourPDF	Unlock the power of your PDFs!, dive into your documents, find answers, and bring information to your fingertips.
97	AskYourPDF Pro	Unlock the power of your documents with the pro version of AskYourPDF! Bring information to your fingertips today.
98	ASO	App Store Optimization by Phiture: keyword popularity, estimate impressions & uncover trends.
99	Aspose Words Cloud	Allows you to get content of documents stored in Aspose Words Cloud.
100	Asset Ovi	Search and preview millions of 3D assets for games, AIGC, AR/VR and others.
101	Asteroid Alert	Interact with NASA to explore earth observation data that monitors near-earth objects like asteroids.
102	Astro Insights	A companion simplifying complex astrophysics tasks.
103	Astrodaily	Search and discover NASA images.
104	Astrology	Discover your cosmic DNA. Dive into your exact birth (natal) chart for growth, purpose, and healing.
105	ATSResumeCopilot	Tailor your resume for a job description & get discovered By ATS. Say 'Review my Resume'. Powered by Maigrate.
106	Aurora	A conversational bridge to your Philips Hue Lights. Shape your ambiance with a simple chat.
107	Aus Petrol Prices	Ask for the average daily petrol price for any state or capital city region in Australia!
108	Aus Surf Report	Get today's surf report for any break throughout Australia!
109	Austrian Bank Rates	Compare the rates and terms of checking accounts and savings accounts from Austrian banks.
110	Auth Network Monitor	Elevate network monitoring with real-time, quantum-ready, HTTP, ICMP, DNS, SMTP checks, this tool alerts you 24/7.
111	Auto Prompt	Save time by queuing your prompts to run one after the other.
112	AutoInfra1	Talk to your Servers. Works with AWS, GCP, Azure, and anywhere you can ssh!
113	Avalara	Calculate sales tax or lookup tax rates for any address in the U.S.
114	Avian	Analyze & visualize data from 20+ platforms, including Google Analytics and Facebook Ads with Avian
115	B12 AI Websites	Create a professional, engaging, and user-friendly website for your business in seconds using AI.
116	B12 Email marketing	Send high-quality emails in minutes that engage contacts and sell your services within minutes.
117	B12 No-code AI	Bring AI to your business with no-code forms to attract leads, analyze data, and increase efficiency.
118	B12 Scheduling	Bring online scheduling to your business and enable your customers to book appointments in minutes.
119	Back4App	Use natural language to create, deploy, and scale apps, backend, databases, cloud functions, and APIs.
120	Bardeen	Create and run automations on the most popular web services.
121	BART Real-Time	Getting real-time BART information for a specified origination station and direction.
122	BeatandRaise	Edgar SEC data on demand. Get income statements, balance sheets, management comments.
123	BeeBee.AI	BeeBee.AI delivers key insights on financial reports and earnings calls for everyday investors.
124	BGG Assistant	Discover board games with BoardGameGeek Assistant! Find games, see trending games, monitor your plays and collection...
125	BibGuru	Supercharge your research: generate accurate citations in APA, MLA, and Harvard.
126	Bible	Explore Bible's content with detailed interpretations, comparisons, and feature to find related verses.
127	Bibliography Crossref	Search publications and generate bibtex bibliographies using Crossref and Zotero.
128	Bibsonomy	Helps you to research scientific publications, manage your Bibsonomy library and analyze its content.
129	BILD News	Stay up-to-date with Germany's leading source for the latest news on politics, sports, entertainment, and more.
130	BioRxiv Extractor	The most powerful science research tool, powered by Google Custom Search! Find research articles swiftly and easily.
131	Bitcoin Sentiment	Track the current price of Bitcoin and the market sentiment based on the last 20 news media mentions!
132	BizToc	Search BizToc for business & finance news.
133	BlendED Worksheet	Create educational resources (question papers, bubble sheets, worksheets, etc.) instantly from your teaching material.
134	BlockAtlas	Search the US Census! Find data sets, ask questions, and visualize.
135	blue News	Stay updated with the latest news from blue News.
136	Bohita	Create apparel with any image you can describe! Get it delivered right to your door.
137	Bonrix Dynamics QR	Generate UPI QR Sticker to pay with easy-to-scan QR codes for UPI transactions by passing UPI ID and amount.
138	Book Tickets	Explore and secure tickets for a variety of events around the world.
139	Bookworm	AI-powered personalized book recommendations, scanning countless titles to find your perfect read.
140	Boolio Invest	Analyze stock investments from any country, with Boolio's state-of-the-art engine.
141	BOXIL SaaS	Help Japanese companies find the best system to enhance their productivity.
142	Bramework	Find keywords, generate content briefs, perform SEO analysis, and extract SEO information.
143	Brandfetch	Retrieve company and brand data including logos, colors, fonts, and other brand information.
144	Broadway	Search for shows that are currently playing on Broadway in New York City.
145	Browser	Pilot your research with real-time Google search results. Scrape & extract content from webpages by providing a URL.
146	BrowserOp	Browse dozens of webpages in one query. Fetch information more efficiently.
147	BrowserPilot	Explore and quality-assure webpages, PDFs, and data to generate articles based on URLs.
148	Bubble Goods	Marketplace of 1000+ tasty & healthy foods. Discover new Vegan, Keto, Gluten-Free products & more.
149	BuildBetter	Chat with the knowledge of all your calls in BuildBetter (Zoom, GMeet, Webex). Start for free @ BuildBetter.ai
150	BuyWisely	Discover the easiest way to find the best coupons for thousands of online stores.
151	BUZZ.NEW	BUZZ.NEW: A smart business creator for business management. Create, manage inventory, and handle orders efficiently.
152	ByByAI	Search for the best Amazon products ordered by rating.
153	Calculator	A calculator app that executes a given formula and returns a result. This app can execute basic and advanced operations.
154	Calculator Tools	Create any app, calculator, tool, tracker, or game instantly with AI.
155	California Law	Get up to date access to California law.
156	Calorie Coach	Track meals & gain insights for a healthier lifestyle from 1m+ restaurants & grocery stores.
157	Canar.AI Job Agent	Find job & career insights from the top 10 platforms to match your skills with titles powered by Canar.AI!
158	Canva	Create anything in a snap, from presentations and logos to social media posts and more.
159	CapCut	Submit your video ideas, and let AI craft a script, find suitable footage, and merge everything into a polished video.
160	Career Copilot	A personal AI Agent that finds jobs for software engineers. Partner with Commit.dev to find a better job.
161	CarGurus	Find Your Perfect Car on CarGurus - Shop by Budget, Deal Rating, Make, Model, & More.
162	CarYardBard	AI-Powered Car Sales Ad Generator for Australian Car Dealers.
163	Catch Them All	Catch Them All - Catch, Battle, and get information about your favourite Pokemon
164	CCData.io	Access the latest crypto prices and news aggregated by CCData.io (formerly CryptoCompare.com).
165	CCS - Spext	Chat with the Conscious Creators Show podcast library on Spext.
166	Cello Square	Search for quote, booking shipment, tracking and more value with logistics services in Samsung SDS.
167	Chabad Centers	Find information about Chabad Centers worldwide and their events.
168	Chaca Market Product	Get detailed information about products on Chaca Market
169	Chainstack	Enables natural language interaction with EVM blockchains using Chainstack's infrastructure.
170	ChampDex	Chat with your favorite League of Legends champions!
171	Change	Discover impactful nonprofits to support in your community and beyond.
172	Charge My EV	Locate EV charging stations by various providers, including Tesla supercharger locations.
173	Charity Sense	Get data on US-based non-profits including mission, key people, governance, ratings and financial data.
174	Charts by Kesem AI	Generate charts. The user can request a chart to be generated.
175	Chat TMDB	Movies, Actors and TV shows from TMDB, a database like IMDB.
176	Chat Tool Finder	Find the tool in here that can help you. Search by name, category or description.
177	Chat with Bible	Intuitively explore scriptures. Find relevant verses, understand parables, and gain insights.
178	Chat with calendars	Manage your Google Calendar. View events, schedule appointments, and stay organized.
179	Chat With Excel	Transform your spreadsheet interactions and analysis by conversing as if you were a friend.
180	Chat With Workspace	Chat with your Notion workspace.
181	Chat With Your Data	Conversational analysis over your databases and spreadsheets.
182	ChatAFI	Search through select AFIs.
183	ChatBlog	Use AI to write quality blog like humans. Work for your SEO rankings, not just efficiency!
184	ChatFeedSync	Easily synchronize, manage, and translate your RSS feeds all in one place.
185	ChatOCR	The best way to read text from from any document. Extract text from scanned PDFs, photos, and even handwriting.
186	ChatRakuJourney	Search for Rakuten services in Japan. You can easily search for products, facilities in travel, and more.
187	ChatSSHPlug	Ability to SSH into your server and turn your natural language into server commands.
188	ChatStackSearch	Use the Stack Exchange API to search sites such as Stack Overflow and return questions, answers, and other information.
189	ChatWeb3	Query and analyze blockchain and crypto data using natural language.
190	ChatWithCode	Analyze, query, and generate code from Private and Public Github repos.
191	ChatWithFriend	A friend who gets to know you over time. Talk anytime about anything and he'll remember you.
192	ChatWithGit	Search code on GitHub repositories based on a query.
193	ChatWithInstructions	Store and use multiple Custom Instructions
194	ChatWithPDF	Chat with everything from entire PDF books to Google Drive documents just by providing a link.
195	ChatWithWebsite	Have a conversation with any website, powered by magicform.ai
196	Check Point Security	Check Point security reputation about IP, URL, File hashes - Get their current risk and classification.
197	Check Website Down	Insert your website URL to check the availability. Pulsetic tests the uptime, availability & performance of a website.
198	Checkers	This allows you to play a game of checkers.
199	Checkmarx CheckAI	Security Code Scanning for generated source code. Ensuring a secure development environment.
200	CheckTheChain	Look for anything on the blockchain and get instant analysis.
201	Chess	Unleash your inner chess master with this interactive chess experience! You can play against a novice or a grandmaster!
202	Chi Data Buddy	Chicago data from the City of Chicago Data Portal.
203	Chithra	Chithra: An all-in-one image editor that uses DALL-E 2 for creating, generating, manipulating, and enhancing photos
204	City of Alara	Dive into the game of Alara! Explore magic-filled districts and bond with captivating characters.
205	Clay	Ask questions and search across your network and contacts — Linkedin, Facebook, email, and iMessage.
206	Clearbit	Access Clearbit Enrichment, Prospecting, Reveal APIs and website visitors data to access information about companies.
207	Climesumer	Find sustainable alternatives to products.
208	Clinical Trial Radar	Discover current info on global clinical trials, organizations, diseases, and biomarkers from public & private studies.
209	CLINQ	Manage your CLINQ Account. Retrieve infos about calls, create call reminders and more.
210	CloseCRM	Access your Close CRM data. Understand your leads, get deeper insights, and make them actionable.
211	Clothing Shopper	Get the absolute best clothing deals through AI recommendations.
212	Cloud Diagram Gen	Generate cloud architecture
213	Cloudflare Radar	Get real-time insights into Internet traffic patterns and threats as seen by Cloudflare.
214	CMoney Portfolio	Analyze Taiwan stocks and get exclusive investing data from leading fintech CMoney in Taiwan.
215	Code Runner	Compile and save your code while creating visualizations (charts and graphs) supports upto 70 programming languages.
216	Codecademy	Access our vast database of educational tech and coding resources to help you in your learning journey.
217	CodeCast Wandbox	Instantly compile your code online with Wandbox. Improve your coding learning experience.
218	CoderPad	Run code in more than 30 different programming languages, and let us worry about setting up the environment!
219	Codeulator	Get read/write access to files in your Visual Studio and VS Code projects.
220	CoffeeHo	Your Personal Coffee Expert.
221	CoinCap	Get cryptocurrency information from CoinCap.
222	CoinMarketCap	Get the latest crypto data from CoinMarketCap.
223	Cold Email Generator	Generate cold emails to increase your engagement and grow your business.
224	Color Palette	Craft vibrant palettes from your ideas.
225	CommonEvents	Search nearby events in Korea.
226	Companies in the UK	Provides financial information on UK Companies.
227	Company Enrichment	Get company information by providing the domain name. Useful for sales teams.
228	Company Transcripts	Search and analyze the latest company transcripts for any stock (powered by Koyfin).
229	Comparison	An advanced e-commerce tool, providing robust capabilities for efficient product search and accurate price comparison.
230	Conceptmap	A companion to structure ideas to conceptmaps.
231	Consensus Search	Get answers & insights directly from 200M+ scientific papers. To use, just ask a research question.
232	Content Rewriter	Enter any URL and have the text content rewritten for you!
233	Content.app	Effortlessly buffer & post Social, SEO, Ad content. Supports WordPress, Twitter, YouTube, Shopify, Medium + more!
234	Contentify Marketing	Analyze and evaluate every aspect of your website's marketing. Ask 'How can you improve your website to maximize ROI?'
235	Convert Assistant	Provides guidance regarding Convert.com's AB testing tool.
236	Converter App	Convert currencies or files like images and videos from web links and Google Drive to other formats, or work with PDFs.
237	CoPilot	Searches every dealer, analyzes & ranks every car for you so you can buy with confidence.
238	Copywriter	Enter any URL and get sales copywriting suggestions for the page!
239	Coq Checker	Check Coq code.
240	Coupert	Search for the internet’s best coupons from thousands of online stores.
241	Coupons by Tenere	TenereTeam.com - Get the Best Deals & Coupons on Millions of Products At Over 50,000 Online Stores.
242	Course Hero	Get course-specific study materials from Course Hero's library.
243	Coursera	Find recommendation for courses, specializations, and degrees on Coursera.
244	Crafty Clues	Guess the words that the AI craftily clues for you. Add restrictions to make the game more interesting!
245	CranePumps Manuals	Returns the catalog and manual for a pump based on model number.
246	Create a QR Code	Create a QR code for any text or url.
247	CreatiCode Scratch	Display Scratch programs as images and write 2D/3D programs using CreatiCode Scratch extensions.
248	Creative Mind	Unleash your imagination with Creative Mind, transforming text prompts into stunning visual art.
249	Creatuity Stores	We integrate stores so you can search for products in all of them at the same time.
250	CreditYelp	Access various essential financial calculators for a detailed repayment schedule and payoff term.
251	Cribbage Scorer	Tool for scoring your cards in the game of cribbage.
252	Crossword Genius	Get hints, solutions and explanations to cryptic crossword clues. See https://www.crosswordgenius.com/ or try the app!
253	Crypto Jobs List	Find jobs and talent profiles in Crypto, Blockchain and Web3 industries.
254	Crypto Market News	It's your go-to solution for real-time cryptocurrency price updates, market insights, and the latest news.
255	Crypto Price Checker	A Crypto Prices app that takes a pair of crypto or fiat tickers and returns the current price of the pair.
256	Crypto Pulse	From News to Profit: Decode Crypto's Market Impact with Ease. Instantly, analyse latest crypto news.
257	Crypto Staking Bot	Сrypto research assistant by Everstake. Real-time updates on APY, price, total stake data and more for PoS blockchains.
258	CryptoMation	Crypto transactions, addresses, balances, conversions for any blockchain (Ethereum, Binance, Near, Tron, etc.)
259	CSV Creator	Create a CSV file given text.
260	CSV Export	Create and export custom CSV layouts in a flash.
261	CSV Export Plus	Create and export custom CSV layouts in a flash, with auto-save to Google Sheets.
262	CT Criteria Parser	Analyze eligibility criteria in ClinicalTrials.gov.
263	Currency Converter	Convert currencies using the CoinGecko API
264	Currency Converter	Convert currencies based on real-time rates.
265	Currency Today	Converts currency values based on the latest exchange rates.
266	Custom Knowledge	Provide your docs, webpages, and other links, and get personalised answers.
267	CVEs	Look up Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs).
268	Dafny Checker	Check that Dafny code passes the verifier, without executing the code.
269	Daily Learning	Unlock your full potential with a personalized education journey featuring custom-tailored lessons!
270	DailyBot	Smart insights from your team daily stand-ups, check-ins, surveys, or knowledge base forms.
271	DAIZY	ETF Research, Stocks, Cryptos, Performance, Risk, Sustainability, Investment, Portfolio Analysis.
272	Dart	Project management on autopilot.
273	Data Interpreter	Analyze your data using a Python code interpreter in a secure execution environment.
274	Datasheet.Chat	Gateway to interactive, and intelligent chat with any electrical components datasheet.
275	DayApp	Get connected with any company representative without waiting on hold or pressing buttons in IVR.
276	Deal Dazzle	Search and compare prices from numerous online stores. Find top coupons from various shops. (US only)
277	Dear Diary	Effortlessly capture and reflect on your daily memories.
278	Decision Diagrams	Create and edit diagrams directly in chat.
279	Decision Journal	Become a better decision maker by keeping track of your decisions and reviewing how they turn out.
280	Decision Matrix	Get decision and return back a matrix of decision types.
281	Deep Memory	Create flashcards and review them on Deep Memory, a spaced repetition app.
282	Defillama	Retrieve data on DeFi protocols and blockchains.
283	Definitive Facts	Ask questions using 100+ relational datasets - sports, finance, and more at https://definitive.io/datasets.
284	Denison Yachting	Search yachts for sale, charters, new construction, crew placement, and more with Denison Yachting.
285	DEV Community	Plugin for recommending articles or users from DEV Community.
286	Developer Doc Search	Access thousands of open source packages and their GitHub documentation effortlessly.
287	Devhunt	Find your next favorite tool.
288	Diagrams	Create and display diagrams from kroki.io or using networkx and matplotlib.
289	Diagrams: Show Me	Schemes, Diagrams, Architecture Visualisations, Flow-Charts, Mind Maps. Export and Edit for free!
290	Diary	Kickstart your diary journey. Keeping a diary is designed to be effortless and beneficial.
291	Diffbot	Access the world's knowledge and real-time Web data with Diffbot's Knowledge Graph.
292	Digital Pets	Take care of your digital pet, go on adventures, learn tricks, and interact with others digital pet owners!
293	Directual	Directual is a full-stack no-code platform that is great for launching web and web3 apps of any complexity and scale.
294	Disteur	Quickstart for creating a product draft on the Disteur platform.
295	DM Tool Kit	App for rolling dice using the d20 or Fate/Fudge systems.
296	DobaWorldFactory	World Factory: Searching for the best manufacturers worldwide.
297	Doc Editor	Create beautiful docs instantly, with powerful editing features. Export to PDF, DOCX, Google Drive, OneDrive, and more.
298	Doc Maker	Generate beautiful PDFs in seconds. Resumes, cover letters, proposals and more. Supports DOCX, XLSX, CSV and HTML
299	Doc Maker A+	Generate A+ quality docs in seconds. Resumes, cover letters, and more. Supports PDFs, DOCX, XLSX, CSV and HTML.
300	Doctor's Life Career	Searching Japanese medical doctors' jobs based on your preferences.
301	DocumentAI	The only Document AI that shows you where it got your answer from.
302	DOCX Maker	Create a DOCX file from text.
303	Domain Finder AI	Verify if a domain is available by searching across multiple domain registrars.
304	Domains Bot	Checks for a domain name's availability. You can search for your desired domain name.
305	Domatron Domains	Find available, brandable .com domain names for your business businesses.
306	DoorDash	Discover nearby restaurants for all of your delivery/pickup needs!
307	Dover Assistant	Generate a personalized email to someone you're interested in reaching out to for a job opportunity.
308	Dr. Thoth's Tarot	Tarot card novelty entertainment & analysis, by Mnemosyne Labs.
309	Draw	Bring your ideas to life with diagrams. Craft, manage, and engage with your creations in a whole new way.
310	Dream Interpreter	Interprets your dreams using advanced techniques.
311	Dream Interpreter	Dive deep into the realm of dreams. Uncover their hidden meanings for clarity, growth, and healing.
312	Dream Reader	Read and decode your dreams and unveil your innermost thoughts and desires.
313	Drink Maestro	Learn to mix any drink you can imagine (real or made-up), and discover new ones. Includes drink images.
314	Duoduo English	Learn and practice English for Duolingo English Test.
315	dxFeed Spotlight	Get latest news and DxFeed analytics about companies, sectors and people.
316	Earnr: UK Tax Helper	Earnr provides tax calculators and answers to questions related to UK tax and accounting.
317	Earth	Generates a map image based on provided location, tilt and style.
318	Earthquake Info	Get latest earthquake information.
319	Easy Product Search	Easy Product Search simplifies shopping on Japanese EC sites using keywords. It providing product info.
320	Easy Resume	Quickly create and edit your resume with the option to download as a docx or pdf, and find the job you deserve!
321	Ebay Finds	Find any eBay product you need.
322	Edmunds Cars	Use Edmunds to get trusted car reviews and local new and used vehicle listings.
323	Eduguide	A tool designed to respond to college admission-related inquiries.
324	edX	Find courses and content from leading universities to expand your knowledge at any level.
325	Email by Nylas	Connect with any email provider and engage with your email data seamlessly.
326	Email Me	Send yourself email summaries, next steps, and other useful information from your conversations.
327	Emotimg	The images(maid character) attached make the conversation more enjoyable.
328	Empregos Agro	Explore the Empregos Agro platform and search for jobs and learning content in the agro-business. Powered by Plooral.
329	Engage AI	Retrieve hashtag follower counts, trends & suggestions to increase your content reach on LinkedIn.
330	Eraser	Generate diagrams from code or natural language.
331	eSIM Travel Asst	Find eSIM data plans easily! Enter location and eSIM keywords to get apt package suggestions. Ideal for travelers.
332	Etihad Airline	Search flights, and answer other related questions of flights.
333	Everyprint3D	Generate 3D ideas and bring them to life with our expert support.
334	everysize	Search for sneakers in your size and get the best price from 60+ shops (only in DE).
335	ExamenChat	Master the Dutch 'Centraal Eindexamen': access a vast question library, practice, get hints, and graded feedback.
336	Exchange Rates	Exchange Rates delivers real-time and historical data, enabling conversion and tracking for over 170 currencies.
337	Exercise Consulting	Manage your exercise routine. You can view exercises for different body parts and get details about each exercise.
338	Expedia	Bring your trip plans to life – get there, stay there, find things to see and do.
339	Experiences	Provides activity suggestions, ensuring an engaging and user-friendly travel experiences.
340	Export Chat	A Tool to export your conversation or specific parts of your conversation.
341	Export Chat to PDF	I will export your chat conversation to a PDF file, ready for download and share.
342	Express Tracking	An assistant for tracking international express logistics.
343	FaceTheFacts	Access profiles of German politicians, retrieve voting records, analyze side jobs, and monitor party donations.
344	Fact Fanatic	Experience a fusion of interactive facts and captivating quirky idioms to enrich your curiosity-driven exploration.
345	Factiverse	Fact-check your conversations and find credible sources from the web in real time.
346	FakeAGI	Automate your goals: Our AI agents solve tasks and log the results in a Google spreadsheet.
347	FantasyoMatic	Your personal FantasyoMatic expert.
348	FCA FS Search	Search FCA and get product, individual and firm info using PRN, IRN and FRN.
349	Federal Resume	I'll write an ATS-optimized professional federal usajobs resume, for your targeted government job role.
350	Feng Shui Divination	Using traditional Chinese theories such as the I Ching (Book of Changes) to predict the past, present, and future.
351	Ferryhopper	Search for ferries and plan your trip with the assistance of AI and Ferryhopper.
352	Figlet	Utility for converting strings of text into ASCII fonts.
353	FilmFindr	Tell me your favorite movies and I'll unveil your next cinematic gem!
354	Filtir	Verify the provided text using external sources.
355	Find a Freelancer	Find human freelancers to help complete tasks.
356	Find a Tour	Find a tour, activity, or experience to do in locations across the world.
357	Find Talent	Find digital freelance talent for any occasion.
358	Finna Bolag	Seamlessly search for and retrieve Swedish companies' financial data.
359	FiscalNote	FiscalNote enables access to select market-leading, real-time data sets for legal, political, and regulatory information
360	FlashcardsGenerator	Generate Anki flashcards and downloable Decks!
361	Flight Tracker	Access real-time flight statuses and dive into extensive historical flight data instantly.
362	Flowise Support Help	A Conversational Agent to ask questions about how to install and use Flowise.
363	For.io App Creator	Create feature-rich web apps by simply writing the requirements.
364	Forex-Rates	Forex Rates: Price analysis for currency markets. Gain insights, sentiment evaluation, and text completion.
365	Forma Cloud	Learn how to drastically reduce your company’s cloud computing costs with the power of our automated solution.
366	Forms.app	Generate form, survey or quiz with AI.
367	Fortune Cookie	Select a number from 1 to 10 and let the digital cookie guide your day!
368	Foxit PDF Assistant	This plugin converts PDF and Office documents interchangeably, supporting formats like Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.
369	Free Kiddie Books	Access thousands of free children's picture books (storybee.space). Get recommendations for young readers' interests
370	FreshTech	Fetches and presents the latest tech documentation content.
371	FundsDB	Discover funding opportunities in UK and India on FundsDB. Type in your query in any language or /help for assistance.
372	G2.com	Find the best software and service solutions to your business needs.
373	Game Box	Discover, play, and solve classic games like Blackjack, Tic-Tac-Toe, Word Guess, Sudoku, 24, and more!
374	GameBase	Chat and get game info, database is based on the latest gaming information in 2023, supports multiple platforms.
375	GameSight	Discover games, game-related content, get recommendations, and compare games based on player reviews.
376	GaryVee By Spext	Chat with the GaryVee Keynote Speeches Library on Spext.
377	Gate2AI	Discover the perfect AI tools for your needs.
378	Get Social Proof	Create engaging testimonials, customer stories and case studies using AI-powered interviews.
379	GetByBus	GetByBus is online travel platform selling bus and ferry tickets for more than 5000 operators.
380	GetYourGuide	Find tours, excursions and other travel activities.
381	GIF Search	Search through a wide range of gifs - Powered by Giphy.
382	Gift Finder	Your personal gift advisor. Find a perfect experience for anyone.
383	Gift ideas suggester	Generate gift ideas for any occasion, such as birthdays, Mother's Day, etc. Please, provide details about recipient.
384	GIFT SENSAI	Find perfect gifts for friends, family, and colleagues on Amazon.com. Best for birthdays, Christmas & anniversaries.
385	Giftwrap	Ask about gift ideas for any occasion and recipient. Get it wrapped and delivered, no address needed.
386	Giga Tutor	Giga is your AI powered personalised tutor, it keeps the answers to your questions personalised.
387	GigTown	Discover a world of local musical talent and live music performances with the GigTown integration.
388	Gimmee Air Quality	Planning something outdoors? Get the 2-day air quality forecast for any US zip code.
389	Git OSS Stats	Dynamically generate and analyze stats and history for OSS repos and developers.
390	Glamai	The ultimate beauty app to find makeup and skincare that match your needs. Like "a non-sticky sunscreen for traveling".
391	GlassBot	An interactive plugin for 1-800-glass!
392	Glowing	Schedule and send daily SMS messages - reminders, inspiration, helpers and more.
393	Go!	Go! for personalized workout plans, fitness tips, and meal recommendations.
394	GoDaddy Name Search	Search and check the availability of domain names using GoDaddy.
395	GoFynd	Elevate your shopping experience with GoFynd.
396	Golden	Get current factual data on companies from the Golden knowledge graph.
397	GoPlus Security AI	Get crypto security information by using GoPlus Security API.
398	Got2Go	Your next vacation is one conversation away. Literally. Find the perfect stays in the US with Got2Go.
399	GoWithGuide	Book a private customizable tour with a local guide.
400	GrabJobs	Find a job and apply in GrabJobs.
401	Graduate Resume	I'll create you an ATS-friendly recent college/graduate resume, designed to land your first job.
402	Graph Constructor	A tool for creating spider and bar graphs.
403	HACKIT Web Scanner	AI Powered Web Scanner by HACKIT.
404	HackTrack	This tool checks if credentials linked to an email have been exposed in data breaches or hacks.
405	Hadith Advice	Ask a question and get advice from hadith.
406	HaffPrice	Shopping all kinds of products with the lowest price in the market.
407	Hair Care, Simplified	Get ideal routines based on your hair's unique needs and goals.
408	Halifax Bylaws	Your Halifax Bylaw's Expert.
409	Hauling Buddies	Locate dependable animal transporters using recommendations, reviews, and regulatory compliance search features.
410	HDB Car Park	For checking availability of car park lots at various HDB car parks around Singapore.
411	Hedera Account Info	Gets the HBAR and token balance of a Hedera account.
412	HeyGen	Meet HeyGen . The best AI video generation platform for your team.
413	HiCollectors Finder	Search and price comparison for eBay products. Only available in the United States
414	highPerplexity	Integrates with highPerplexity and executes any prompts you need.
415	Horoscope	Get near-term readings for your life's journey. Harness the stars' wisdom for spiritual guidance.
416	Horoscopes	Daily, weekly, and monthly horoscopes tailored to you. Brought to you by Inner Self.
417	Hot Pepper Gourmet	You can easily find restaurants in Japan listed in "Hot Pepper Gourmet".
418	How Long to Beat	Find out how long it takes to beat any game!
419	HTTP Webhooks	Allows you to write, deploy, and manage HTTP Webhooks in JavaScript, right from the chat.
420	Hubbub	Local health risk & safety guidance for COVID-19, Flu, RSV and more in the US.
421	HubCart POD Designer	Brainstorm print-on-demand design ideas, then make POD designs. Created with DALL·E.
422	Humanize	Humanizing AI content via paraphrasing.
423	I Am Rich	Proudly declare 'I am rich'.
424	I Ching	Unlock ancient I-Ching wisdom: embrace spirituality, ignite creativity & conquer life's changes!
425	Ibotta Shopping	Your perfect shopping companion! Search for products from thousands of retailers. Only available in the US.
426	Idea Organiser	Organise and store your notes on Notion. Make your note taking smarter, easier and more effective.
427	idealo Best Price	Find the products you need and great savings comparing products and prices from thousands of trusted shops, ads-free.
428	Image Converter	Convert an image to any other image format.
429	Image Editor	Edit images seamlessly, resize, crop, blur and many more embedded features.
430	ImageSearch	Discover complimentary images to enhance your generated article or to highlight specific paragraphs from Unsplash.
431	Imgenic	Generate and evaluate photographic Midjourney image prompts.
432	Indoor Plants	Trusted Information About Indoor Plants and Gardening.
433	IndoorPlantBot	The ultimate guide for indoor plants.
434	InfoJobs	Search jobs on InfoJobs.
435	instabase	Search for rooms and venues all across Japan from instabase.
436	Instacart	What’s cookin'? Ask about recipes, meal plans, & more -- and get ingredients delivered from 40,000+ stores!
437	Interest Rates	Get Real Time Interest Rates From Central Banks
438	Invoice	I'll create professional good-looking invoices. Download as PDF or Word. Built for small businesses.
439	Invoice Pilot	Easily create an invoice or estimate as a PDF file.
440	Invoices	Create and customize PDF invoices or estimates in seconds.
441	io.livecode.ch	Evaluate snippets of code using io.livecode.ch.
442	Isotonix	Isotonix products search.
443	ISS Location	Add-on for displaying the current coordinates of the ISS and the names of the current astronauts in space.
444	Italy Latest News	News Get the most recent news from Italy.
445	ixigo	PLAN your trips! Search for best flights & get recommendations where you can travel on your budget.
446	James Allen Jewelry	Experience the future of diamond and jewelry shopping where stunning quality meets unparalleled customization.
447	Japan OpenData	Search for opendata in Japan, using the search.ckan.jp dataset.
448	Japanese Strokes	Educational tool to help with learning Japanese writing strokes using animations.
449	JetBook.Click	Your ultimate travel companion: search/book flights at best prices, get info about your destination. Multilang support.
450	JiggyBase	Use the knowledge in your JiggyBase document collections to help produce factual, up-to-date chat responses.
451	Jini	Get factual, knowledge-base and real-time information. Search news, images, videos, music, apps, pages and facts.
452	Jio	Explore TiraBeauty, JioCinema, JioMart, and JioFiber in one go. Shop, stream, and surf with ease!
453	JiraTalk	The missing AI companion for Jira. Expedite your workflow using natural language. Visit jiratalk.com.
454	Job Cover Letter	I'll make a powerful, ATS-friendly cover letter for your job application. Ideal for email or LinkedIn use.
455	Job Description	I'll write you an effective job description that attracts top-quality talent for your next interview.
456	Job Interview	I'll prepare you for a job interview by asking questions and providing feedback.
457	Job Search	Searching for jobs made easy.
458	Job search by Indeed	Explore & discover the latest open jobs from the #1 job site in the world, Indeed.com.
459	Job Search UK	Get the latest job posts from the UK's top job boards including Reed, Indeed, and others.
460	Jobsearch	This is a job search service. For now only for jobs in Germany.
461	Jooii	Chat with jooii to discover millions of products, with personalized recommendations made easy.
462	JoPilot	Search for US jobs by keywords, locations, employers, salaries, and commute time.
463	Jot it down	Remember details from your chats by jotting them down. You can add, remove and recall your 'jots.'
464	K-Fashion	You can search for the product you need among the products sold by the stores in CAFE24.
465	Kakaku.com	Search for products that match your criteria from among the many products registered on the Japanese website Kakaku.com.
466	Kakaku.com/travel	You can search for hotel that match your search criteria from among the many hotels registered on Kakaku.com
467	Kakuyasu Idou	Compare prices for express bus, flight and bullet train when traveling in Japan. Offer the best for booking!
468	KalendarAI	KalendarAI sales agents generate revenue with potential customers from 200+ million companies globally.
469	Kargo Takibi	Track where your the parcel is, its movements and more for Turkish cargo providers.
470	KAYAK	Search flights, stays & rental cars or get recommendations where you can go on your budget.
471	KeyMate.AI Search	Search&Browse the web by using Google Search results with KeyMate.AI, your AI-powered web crawler.
472	Keyplays Live Soccer	Latest live soccer standings, results, commentary, tv stations, keyplays (with and without scores).
473	Keyword Explorer	Keyword Explorer provides popular related keywords to amplify your content optimization.
474	Kids' Stories	Kid's Personalized Story Maker: Input names & traits for a unique tale! Choose length & age for a perfect fit.
475	Kiwi.com	We hack the system, you fly for less. Book cheap flights other sites simply can't find.
476	Klarna Shopping	Search and compare prices from thousands of online shops. Only available in the US.
477	KlickRx	KlickRx connects to MedOcean, Klick's proprietary database. Search payments by industry to US doctors using their NPI.
478	Klook	From local escapes to far flung adventures, find the best experiences, tours, hotels and transport options anywhere.
479	Kokoro	Learn with Kokoro!
480	Konkani Translator	Unlock the Beauty of Goa with the Romi Konkani Translator.
481	KonnectzIT	Integrate to connect & automate your favourite Marketing, CRM, Payments and many more applications.
482	Korea subway route	Korea metro subway route info.
483	Kraftful	Product dev coach made by kraftful.com. Ask about best practices. Get top gurus' product thinking.
484	Kurumaerabi.com	We suggest the car you want from the used cars registered in www.kurumaerabi.com.
485	Kyujinbox	Searching jobs in Japan. You can search jobs by keyword, location and employ type.
486	Lawyer Search (CA)	Search for lawyers by name, specialty, language, and City. Currently limited to California, USA.
487	LawyerPR	Matching your ideal lawyer, in Japan. Let's Start with a Preliminary Review.
488	LegalQA	Answer any inquiries related to Chinese law in any languages.
489	Lei Brasileira	Updates on Brazilian legislation and information about the operation of the Legal Briefing solution.
490	LevinBot	Search research papers and transcripts of talks from Dr. Michael Levin's Lab.
491	Lexi Shopper	Get product recommendations from your local Amazon store.
492	LGTM	Search for LGTM Markdown.
493	Likewise	Your media and entertainment companion. Get TV, Movies, Books & Podcast Recommendations.
494	LincolnBot	The ultimate trusted guide for all things related to Abraham Lincoln.
495	Lingo	Lingo - Direct Access to the Japanese Lifestyle with One Click.
496	Link Analyzer	Analyze a link for safety and security.
497	Link Reader	Read any links: webpage, youtube, PDF, PPT, image, Word doc etc; OCR image; Search & browse web.
498	Linkhouse	Easy tool for link-building campaigns.
499	ListenNotes	The best podcast search engine and database. All podcasts and episodes. Built with PodcastAPI.com.
500	Litmaps	Get help exploring the scientific literature. Find relevant papers and generate mindmaps of the literature.
501	Little Professor	Little Professor creates student tests for classroom teachers to enhance school education.
502	Live Game	Get real-time scores and news updates from the world of eSports. LOL, Dota2, CS:GO, PUBG live scores and news.
503	LiveInBoxer	Get the latest email from top brands.
504	LivingAI	Create digital beings instantly with LivingAI - the most advanced AI video generation platform.
505	Local by GoodCall	Discover and support restaurants, shops & services near you. 🍽️ 🛍️ 🔧
506	LoveCoupons	Find money saving coupon & discount codes for over 30,000 stores around the world.
507	Lsong AI	Lsong's AI provides AI-powered content like news, images, music, movies, weather, stories, memes, and more.
508	Lucas AI Video	Turn any response into a useful video in seconds! Plus, easily edit and customize your video.
509	Lucid	Easily clarify complexity when you create and edit diagrams in chat.
510	MacroMicro	Search the economic stats or ETF from MacroMicro.me and get newest value.
511	Magic	Assign tasks to a 24/7 on-demand remote worker with 1-click using Magic.
512	Magic Conch Shell	Guide your most important life decisions with the magic conch shell. (Please don't actually, it's only satire).
513	MagiCodex	Ask about Magic: The Gathering cards, rules and interactions.
514	MagicSlides.app	MagicSlides.app: Ideas to Professional Presentations in Seconds.
515	Magnetis	Magnetis is a digital wealth manager. Get updated data on portfolios returns and allocations. Ask me about Magnetis.
516	Maibook	Find Korean books to read. Just type in what you’re in the mood to read—no need for the title or name of the author.
517	Maimovie	Maimovie, the AI-powered movie search, understands any conversational prompt like "movies with plot twists", "tyrant"
518	Make A Sheet	Generate a csv file that can directly be imported into Google Sheets or MS Excel.
519	Man of Many	Discover the latest in products, culture and style from Man of Many. Ask for the latest news and headlines.
520	Mantium	Fetches user-created applications from Mantium and retrieves relevant info based on user queries.
521	Maps	A Maps app that takes latitude and longitude coordinates and generates a map with a marker on the given spot.
522	Maps Pro	Create and style maps with markers and paths from both coordinates and addresses.
523	Math Tutor	Share your calc, stats or any other math homework, receive guided answers to aid your learning.
524	MBTI	For administering an MBTI test. You can get a list of questions and calculate your MBTI type.
525	MC Expert	MC Expert provides guidance on Minecraft command, plugin, and Skript development.
526	Meal Planner	Craft diets to fit your tastes. Explore diverse food selections, cook with flair, and enhance your gastronomic journey!
527	Medecine Explorer	Facilitates access and search for Medicine articles, including author and journal details - By Nabil Brag.
528	Medical Device EU	Discover all relevant Guidances, Regulations and Requirements in the European Medical Devices field.
529	Medical Resume	I'll create an ATS-optimized job winning professional medical assistant resume for your targeted healthcare position.
530	Meme Creator	Use Meme Creator to create memes on demand using the power of AI!
531	Meme Generator	Meme Generator Your AI meme generator.
532	Memory Bank	Extend AI memory. Ask it to store and retrieve your information to get personalized assistance tailored to your needs.
533	Mercari	Explore a variety of products on Mercari, Japan’s largest C2C marketplace.
534	Mermaid Chart	Visualize Mermaid Diagrams and fine-tune them in the Mermaid Chart editor.
535	Message in a Bottle	Throw a message into the digital ocean, or grab one floating by. You are not alone.
536	MetaMentor by AxonAI	MetaMentor personalizes your learning path in any topic and provides you with PDF,HTML and DOCX study guides.
537	Metaphor Search	Access the internet's highest quality content. Recommended by people, powered by neural search.
538	Michelangelo	Create high quality images based on different art styles by leveraging the power of generative AI using DALL-E 2.
539	midpage caselaw	Interact with US caselaw: Summarizes text, answers questions, and checks legal statements.
540	Mifuzi Domain AI	Discover domain names based on your creative ideas and check their availability status.
541	MightyOwl K-8	MightyOwl is a K-8 educational resource offering fun and engaging videos, quizzes and worksheets.
542	Million Dollar Ads	They stacked a million dollars to catch your eye! Browse the gallery of marketing masterpieces.
543	Mindart	Career test to help you find your dream job, with automation risk and average salary.
544	MindfulDataAI Search	Search with Google. You can search the web with Google when you are asking a question about something recent.
545	Minecraft Chocolate	Ask for recomendations about Minecraft mods and modpacks. Uses Modrinth API.
546	Mini Games	Play text based games in your chat! Hangman, tictactoe, adventures, or make your own!
547	Mini Habits	Form new habits through small, daily actions.
548	Mino	Discover the easiest way to find the best coupons for thousands of online stores.
549	MintbaseAction	Submit transactions to the NEAR Protocol. It only works on Testnet. Use this for testing purposes only.
550	MintbaseSearch	Find any NFT data on the NEAR Protocol.
551	MixerBox Calculator	Your digital math assistant for precise calculations! Accuracy and efficiency in one place!
552	MixerBox Calendar	The best Google Calendar AI assistant! Master your schedule easily! Create events and set reminders!
553	MixerBox ChatDrive	The best Google Drive AI assistant! Easily manage any files: PDFs, PPTs, images, docs, sheets, etc.
554	MixerBox ChatMap	Powered by Google Maps API, MixerBox ChatMap is the world's 1st AI chatbot for Maps!
555	MixerBox ChatPDF	Save time! MixerBox ChatPDF can summarize & analyze PDF files for you!
556	MixerBox ChatVideo	Summarize videos from YouTube! Ask questions and get answers right away!
557	MixerBox Diagrams	Create, edit, and showcase diagrams through chat! Make presenting your data incredibly simple!
558	MixerBox FindPlugin	Find the plugins you need instantly! Help you quickly accomplish tasks and save a lot of time!
559	MixerBox FreecableTV	Watch free ad-supported TV shows, series, live channels, movies, news & sports from across the web!
560	MixerBox ImageGen	Generate AI Images via DALL·E 2! Create perfect prompts for Midjourney & Stable Diffusion pictures!
561	MixerBox News	Get latest news delivered right to you! Stay informed with bulletins across multiple categories from credible sources.
562	MixerBox OnePlayer	Unlimited music, podcasts, and videos across various genres. Enjoy endless listening with our rich playlists!
563	MixerBox PhotoMagic	Enhance photo resolution magically! Achieve clearer & more detailed visuals for your images!
564	MixerBox Podcasts	Search podcasts easily! Explore podcasts covering society, sports, business, news, music, and more!
565	MixerBox Prompt Pro	Generate ideal prompts instantly! Ensure accurate and comprehensive responses effortlessly!
566	MixerBox QR	Create stunning AI-generated QR code images instantly! Make your QR code leave a lasting impression!
567	MixerBox Scholar	Free and reliable academic search engine! Find research papers and get answers in an instant!
568	MixerBox Translate	Translate any language right away! Learn foreign languages easily by conversing with AI tutors!
569	MixerBox Weather	Get real-time worldwide weather updates & forecasts, instantly!
570	MixerBox WebSearchG	Search and summarize the web with our customized search engine powered by Google Search API!
571	ML Paper Reader	Search for ML papers on different topics and speed up research by "talking" to the PDFs.
572	MLB Stats	Access up-to-date baseball news and statistics for players and teams across the MLB.
573	Mobitrix	Discover Info for All Smartphones, Tablets, and Watches.
574	Mobula	Fetching real-time data for all crypto & blockchain metrics.
575	Mojito	I can convert your chats to articles and posts them online🍹.
576	Moment of Zen Spext	A knowledge retrieval system for the Moment Of Zen podcast in Spext.
577	MomentX GuideX	It gives real-time info on our store, including brand locations and promotions.
578	Monarch Initiative	Search and retrieve basic information from the Monarch Initiative knowledge graph.
579	Moodo	Moodo® is one of a kind aroma diffuser, that can mix up to 4 scents. Moodo version 3+ allows air purifying too.
580	Movie Night	Pick movies your group will love. Simple and fun!
581	Movies Detective	Persisting movie preferences and giving recommendations. You can add movie descriptions or ask to get all of them.
582	MpcWallet	Unleashing Blockchain Transparency: Your Tool for Deep Dives into DeFi, NFTs, Tokens, and the Web3 Landscape.
583	Murder Mystery	Unleash your inner detective! Choose era, theme, victim & challenge. Solve your own crime!
584	Music	Generate music, compose music, create music and listen to music. Save music and refer it in the future.
585	My Writing Companion	Find, hire, and manage remote human writers, the best way to ensure your content is engaging, accurate, and error-free.
586	Mybest	Find out which products are best for you in Japan. You can ask for recommended products.
587	MySkinRoutine	Crafting the perfect care routine for your unique skin.
588	myTomorrows Search	Discover and filter clinical trials worldwide; updated daily.
589	NamePedia	Behind every name is a story: uncover origins, trends, and famous bearers.
590	Namr.pro	Say "namr" to find awesome domains for your personal or professional brand.
591	NASA Media Explorer	Discover and learn about space exploration using NASA's vast media library!
592	ndricks Sports	Get information about pro teams (NHL, NBA, NFL, MLB) teams by calling the ndricks Software Sports API.
593	ne.tools	Network diagnostic tool for DNS record lookup (A, AA, MX, NS and more) and WHOIS queries for domains and IP addresses.
594	Netlify Drop	Describe a simple website you want to make, and deploy it to Netlify to share it with others and claim it as your own.
595	Newegg PC Builder	Build and purchase a custom gaming PC based on your budget and needs.
596	NewsBreak	Learn about the most popular local or national news in the United States.
597	Newsimoji	A fun game where you guess a news story based on solely on emojis.
598	NewsPilot	Breaking global news in brief, 15000 news sources from worldwide.
599	NextPaper.ai	Fetch the latest research papers on a specific topic from PubMed. More to come.
600	NFT Guru	Discover current prices of NFTs across major platforms and keep track of the rapidly changing marketplace with real-time
601	NFT News Roundup	Get Today's NFT News Headlines As A Clickable Link Roundup!
602	NFTs	Get the important details of any NFT collection and ask for insights based on that data!
603	NJSI Beta by SSG	National Jobs Skills Intelligence. Skillsfuture Singapore AI Graph for insights and relationships in the JS landscape.
604	Nominus.com	Check if your domain name is available. We support all ccTLDs and gTLDs.
605	Noteable	Create notebooks in Python, SQL, and Markdown to explore data, visualize, and share notebooks with everyone.
606	NotesAISync	Unofficial connector to Notion for interactive note-taking.
607	Now	Get Google Trends. In Japan, you can also get Twitter trends and search Twitter keywords.
608	Numerology	Unleash the power of numbers. In seconds, find guidance and understand your true spiritual self.
609	OfferZen World	Queries OfferZen's database for tech career, recruitment, service, and pay insights.
610	OhMyPlug	Search and discover extensions with OhMyPlug! It guides you through the best addons in the store and explains them
611	Okappy	Get information about your jobs and engineers. Reassign jobs and create new jobs.
612	Omio	See schedules and book on Omio. Be moved!
613	One Word Domains	Check the availability of a domain and compare prices across different registrars.
614	OnePage Stock Ideas	Find a list of stock ideas by asking it or feeding it with news or article.
615	Only Trivia Up!	Answer trivia quizzes and 'only go up' in this interactive learning game as you climb a staircase of knowledge.
616	Open Archives	Search the genealogical data of Dutch and Belgian archives and societies via Open Archives.
617	Open Lecture	Discover and access the right moments in open course lectures for targeted learning.
618	Open Prompt Library	Use prompts from an open database! Create prompts and search by title or prompt similarity. List the top prompts.
619	Open Trivia	Get trivia questions from various categories and difficulty levels.
620	OpenTable	Allows you to search for restaurants available for booking dining experiences
621	OpenTools AI	Find the right AI tools for your needs from the largest collection on the web.
622	Options Pro	Options Pro is your personal options trading assistant to help you navigate market conditions.
623	Outrank Article	Outrank the competition with an in-depth, SEO-optimized article based on [COMPETITOR URL]. Beat them at their own game.
624	Outreach	Craft a personalized sales email for a potential client you'd like to approach about your services.
625	Outreach AI	Generate a personalized sales email for a prospect to whom you want to reach out to for selling your service.
626	Outschool	Search for top-quality online classes and teachers on Outschool.
627	OWIS	Explore the capabilities of the OWIS system for seamless workflow and document management.
628	Owler	Owler provides real-time business news and insights on private and public companies.
629	OwlJourney	Provides lodging and activity suggestions, ensuring an engaging and user-friendly journey.
630	P/E For NFTs	Get the price to earnings ratio for any NFT collection!
631	Page Whisperer	Generate content for your web page.
632	Pal	Post interests and values to connect with like-minded friends.
633	PaperChat	Search through arXiv publications.
634	Paperpile	Supercharge your research: search millions of scientific papers in seconds.
635	Papr Memory	Retrieve information from your personal memory includes past conversations.
636	Paraphraser	Say it better, say it different: Paraphrase like a Pro. Paraphrase for impact and inspire.
637	PartSecure	Search & compare electronic component inventory, pricing, & lead time from top suppliers.
638	Party Planner	Plan the perfect party.
639	Passive DNS Pivots	Global pDNS 800 Billion records searchable. Unearth nefarious domains within minutes of creation.
640	Paxi AI	Let AI tools speed up your tasks! Make it easy to find the right tool for the task.
641	PayPay gourmet	You can find restaurants in Japan from PayPay gourmet in Japanese. Output may differ from PayPay gourmet.
642	PDF Creator	Create a PDF file in seconds.
643	PDF Magic	Create beautiful PDFs instantly. Resumes, cover letters, reports, agreements, forms, and more.
644	PDF Reader	Access and chat with PDF links. This allows you to ask questions, summarize, simplify, or rewrite the PDF content.
645	Peel Hunt AI-ERA	Experimental Peel Hunt AI Research for UK Equities.
646	Penrose Analyst	Search global news and research papers. Summarize Arxiv.org links. Ask me for the latest news!
647	Perfect Chirp	Turn your ideas into banger tweets in less than 30 seconds. Start your prompt with 'Write a tweet...'.
648	Persona	Dive into simulated chat adventures with your beloved heroes, experts, and celebs!
649	Photorealistic	Generate Photorealistic prompts for Midjourney.
650	Piano	Learn and play piano with the world's smartest musician.
651	Ping Task Assistant	Add your own TODOs, plan and delegate tasks. Automatically assign projects and people.
652	Pixellow	Pixellow: Unveiling image insights, aiding understanding, and creating detailed captions and descriptions.
653	Placid.app	A design assistant that creates marketing visuals from your templates.
654	Planfit	Get your tailored workout plan and instructions with videos - AI-powered Workout Coach, Planfit.
655	Playlist Follow	Create and find the best music playlists, all in one place.
656	PlaylistAI: Amazon	PlaylistAI is an app for generating and remixing Amazon Music playlists. Not affiliated with Amazon Music.
657	PlaylistAI: Deezer	PlaylistAI is an app for generating and remixing Deezer music playlists. Not affiliated with Deezer.
658	PlaylistAI: Spotify	Create Spotify playlists for any prompt.
659	Plooral	Explore the Plooral Eduployment platform and search for jobs and learning content.
660	PlugFinder	Describe the addin you want, and we will help you find the most suitable one.
661	Pluginpedia	Recommend plugins in the store based on your question, and introduce their usage.
662	Plus Recipe & Food	Explore recipes with your ingredients! This plugin offers cooking guides and similar dish ideas for culinary adventures!
663	Podcast Search	This tool explores podcasts from PodcastIndex.org, a platform for decentralized audio content discovery.
664	PointsRecap	Daily stock market updates, trading insights and view points summary from YouTube traders.
665	Polarr	Search Polarr's massive pool of user generated filters to make your photos and videos perfect.
666	Poll the People	The ultimate guide for market research and surveys.
667	Polygon	Market data, news, and fundamentals for stocks, options, forex, and crypto from Polygon.io.
668	Popfun AI	Personalized toy recommendations, ideas and gifts for kids.
669	PortfolioMeta	Analyze stocks and get comprehensive real-time investment data and analytics.
670	PortfolioPilot	Your AI investing guide: portfolio assessment, recommendations, answers to all finance questions.
671	PortfoliosLab	Stocks, ETFs, funds, crypto analysis: historical performance, volatility, risk metrics, Sharpe ratio, drawdowns, etc.
672	Power Automate	Create and run automated workflows that connect to over 1000 apps and services (Preview).
673	Power Dynamics 365	Expert answers on Microsoft Dynamics 365 and Power Platform.
674	PPC - StoreYa.com	Your personal assistance for automating advertising – Google Ads (AdWords) and Microsoft Ads (Bing).
675	Prayer Times	Get Prayer Times for all over world in seconds.
676	Preply	Finding the best language tutors.
677	Present It: ShowME	PPTX Presentation generator, create slides easily! Generates a downloadable document.
678	PrimeLoupe	Simplify your decision-making process by summarizing Amazon product reviews for you.
679	Printify	Convert your ideas into personalized t-shirts and start your own ecommerce business with Printify.
680	ProApp Learn Design	Level up your design skills quickly with a wide range of design courses, interactive workshops and AI-guided mentorship.
681	ProdigiLink Video	A ProdigiLink service that allows you to search for and summarize YouTube videos.
682	Prof G Markets Spext	Chat with the Prof G Markets Podcast on Spext.
683	Project Plan 365	Create simple project plans that open directly in Project Plan 365 or export to MS Project's MPP format for free!
684	Prompt Enhancer	Use AISEO prompt generator for perfect prompts. Use the word AISEO to let the AI generate the perfect LLM prompt.
685	Prompt Hotkey	Don't waste your time repeating prompts. Create your custom hotkeys and just type 'hotkey'.
686	Prompt Perfect	Type 'perfect' to craft the perfect prompt, every time.
687	Promptest	Craft better prompts using /enhance, /feedback before a prompt. Skill up with /brainstorm, /workout.
688	PromptRecruit	PromptRecruit gives you the ability to talk with your recruitment system!
689	PTCG Price Research	It fetches the latest prices of Pokémon Cards within Japan.
690	PubMed Research	The most powerful PubMed search tool, powered by Google Custom Search! Find research articles swiftly and easily.
691	PuginAI	Recommend extensions based on prompt from user.
692	Puzzle Constructor	A tool for creating crosswords. You can create crosswords from words and hints.
693	PWAD Podcast Spext	Chat with the Positioning with April Dunford Podcast library on Spext.
694	QEEQ	Our mission is to make journeys more enjoyable and bring better travel experiences to QEEQ with the help of technology.
695	QR Codes	Create QR codes.
696	QR Generator	Generate QR code in seconds.
697	QS World Uni Ranking	Research the performance of universities across the globe using QS World Uni Rankings 2024.
698	QuakePH	Stay updated with the latest earthquakes in the Philippines.
699	Quantum Ready Check	Check if a website is using quantum-safe key exchange. This helps ensure your website is quantum ready.
700	Questmate Forms	Create forms, checklists and workflows (we call 'em Quests!) directly from ChatGPT.
701	Quick News Digest	Discover world news tailored for you. Curated articles aligned with your interests on demand.
702	QuickCreator Marketing Tools	The generated Google campaign includes Campaign, AdGroup, Ad, and Keywords.
703	QuickPage	Boost your marketing with fast, SEO-optimized landing pages.
704	QuickRecall	Create flashcards and review them with spaced repeition.
705	QuickSEO	Get a quick SEO audit for a specific URL.
706	QuickURL	Shorten your links and track clicks on them.
707	QuickVoice	Get your text converted to audio quickly. Supports over 100 languages and 300+ speakers.
708	Quiver Quantitative	Access data on congressional stock trading, lobbying, insider trading, and proposed legislation.
709	Quizizz	Gamify your text-based quizzes. Type 'show qs on ...', then 'make quiz' if satisfied.
710	QyrusTestPilot	You can test your webapp without writing a single line of code by just giving the URL
711	Random Generator	Generate truly random numbers from atmospheric noise, supported by random.org (not official).
712	RCS _AI	Ask questions about a website, a webpage or a document such as a pdf.
713	Receipt Assistant	Manage receipts with Sparrow. You can read, store and review your receipts.
714	Recipe Finder	Explore meals for all diets: vegan, keto, gluten-free. Dive into curated foods and ingredients. Elevate your cooking.
715	Recombinant AI™	Input a Github repo URL. Get a holistic,deep, relational understanding of the codebase.
716	Recruiter. Interview	I'll help recruiters, employers, and business owners prepare for job interviews to enhance the hiring process.
717	Redesign Resume/CV	I'll redesign your resume or CV, optimize for ATS and tailor it to your targeted job role.
718	Reflect Notes	Creates a Reflect note.
719	Reminders	Add, remove, list and tag reminders.
720	Repo Inspector	Inspect Git Repositories. Submit a GitHub, Gitlab, etc., HTTPS link. The repo will be reviewed by Repo Inspector.
721	Repo Radar	Your one-stop shop for up to date Github repo information. Find repos by topic, language, or name.
722	Research Butler	Get a summarized list of research articles based on an any topic.
723	Research By Vector	Unearth precise academic research effortlessly with the power of vector embeddings for relevance and accuracy.
724	Responsive	Take screenshots of any website running on all devices and browsers you want !
725	Resume	Enhance your resume with AI. Submit your PDF URL and ask for quick, AI-guided feedback.
726	Resume Copilot	I'll perfect your resume for ATS, tailor it to the job, ensuring you stand out to recruiters
727	Resume Genie	Instantly create a beautiful resume. Include the job post description to tailor the resume for your application.
728	Revelo Talent	Search through Revelo's Talent Database to match with the best Software Engineers according to your position needs.
729	ReviewReader	Tired of comparing countless Amazon reviews? Input a product name or link for an instant AI summary.
730	RiskmonsterCorpDB	Searching for Japanese corporations from Riskmonster's own database of 5 million companies in Japan.
731	RoboAd	Start with a URL and get ad copies for your Google and Microsoft Ad Campaigns in seconds!
732	Rogo	Answers questions about open-source repositories.
733	Roshi	Create interactive lessons from online articles or Youtube videos.
734	RPAMAKER	Run and deploy ROBOTFRAMEWORK scripts to RPAMAKER.
735	RPP by Spext	Chat with the Guy Kawasaki's Remarkable People Podcast library on Spext.
736	Runes	Unveil the mystic power of runes for profound insights to guide your personal and spiritual journey.
737	RVshare	Plan a seamless RV trip by receiving personalized recommendations for an effortless experience.
738	S3 Storage	Download, search, and upload files to private buckets on any S3 API compatible service.
739	SA Speed Cameras	See if a mobile speed camera or roadwork is on a South Australian road today!
740	Safe to run	Interact directly with your safe to run account.
741	Sahih AI	Query a list of islamic hadiths from our prophet Muhammed (PBUH)'s sunnah based on the 6 sahih hadith books
742	Sakenowa	Find Sake and get detailed information in various ways.
743	Saltwire Search	Interact with the news instead of just reading it.
744	Save	Save articles, data, ideas and research findings. It is an efficient way to access this stored content in the future.
745	Savvy Trader AI	Realtime stock, crypto and other investment data.
746	SceneXplain	SceneXplain lets you attach images to your prompt. Explore image storytelling beyond pixels.
747	Scholar Assist	Search academic research papers from arXiv and find answers to your questions.
748	ScholarAI	Unlock the power of scientific research with peer-reviewed papers from PubMed, Arxiv, Springer, and more.
749	Scholarly	Scholarly is an AI-powered search engine for exploring scientific literature.
750	Scholarly Graph Link	You can search papers, authors, datasets and software. It has access to Figshare, Arxiv, and many others.
751	ScholarlyInsight	Query research papers from Arxiv.
752	School Supply List	Your ultimate destination for school supply lists across the United States for students from k to 12th grade.
753	Science	Search over 250M scientific papers and research articles. Perfect for researchers or students.
754	Scrapee	Scrape the text content of any website.
755	Scraper	Scrape content from webpages by providing a URL.
756	ScrapingBee	Search Google for finding general information and urls. Or scrape websites for the most real-time specific information.
757	Search UK Companies	Fetching public information on UK registered Companies and it's Officers from Companies House.
758	Seats.aero	Instantly discover flights that can be booked with points and miles.
759	Secretary Kim	Korean weather, subway information! Enjoy a smart life with Secretary Kim.
760	Sembot	Manage your Search Engine Marketing. Get keywords reports, CPCs, domain visibility, SEO results and more.
761	Sentence Beasts	Summon or create unique word monsters, engage them in thrilling battles, and record the outcomes using Word Monsters.
762	Sentiment Analysis	🎭 Sentiment Analysis 🔬 ⏐ Use: /analyze, /checkthis, /feedback, /score, /sentiment, or /instructions for help.
763	SEO Assistant	The SEO Assistant can generate search engine keyword information in order to aid the creation of content.
764	SEO CORE AI	Use AI to analyze and improve the SEO of a website. Get advice on websites, keywords and competitors.
765	SEO.app	Your personal SEO assistant for content marketing.
766	Serpstat SEO tool	Discover SEO keywords for a specific topic.
767	Service Check	Check if services are running and how fast they are responding. You can check Website, Email, Domain Lookup and Ping.
768	SG Parking	Offers real-time HDB carpark availability in Singapore. Search by address for nearby parking space info.
769	Shein Discovery	Get your fashion and lifestyle recommendations from Shein.
770	Shop	Search for millions of products from the world's greatest brands.
771	Shop AIssistant	A shopping assistant helping with the search through a large product catalog.
772	Shop Best	Shop and get summarized reviews for the best products on Amazon.
773	Shop Rewards	Amazon product shopping search, conveniently query products, get discounts and discounted products more quickly.
774	Shop.com	SHOP.COM Website Search for products, brands, stores and more. Great to find products, great deals, and earn rewards.
775	Shopping Finder	EBay product shopping search, conveniently query products, get discounts and discounted products more quickly.
776	Shopping tools	Search for products on eBay & AliExpress, find eBay events & coupons. Get prompt examples.
777	Shor in QASM	Generate quantum circuits for Shor's algorithm in QASM format.
778	Short Video Trends	Find top keywords for short video content. Boost your social media strategy with targeted insights.
779	shownotes	Turns long podcasts into quick summaries, finds specific info, highlights key points, and suggests new episodes.
780	Shuto.IO	Shuto.IO is a multi-tool for creators and developers with SMS, Email, Wordpress and SSH Command Execution capabilities.
781	sic	Your gateway to crypto. Explore prices, accounts, and transactions on blockchains, starting with Ethereum.
782	SID	Connect data from your Google Drive, Notion, and Gmail.
783	SignalPlus	Live data on crypto, NFTs, DeFi. Spot/derivatives. A must for traders.
784	SigTech	Retrieve financial data and test your trading strategies using the SigTech API (learn.sigtech.com).
785	SimplyCodes	Find reliable coupon codes at 300K+ stores.
786	SingleStore	Query your SingleStore database in English.
787	Skrive	Envision your concepts through Diagrams. This tool allows you to create and modify diagrams within the chat interface.
788	SkyPoint AI	Chat with your unified business data to answer questions, automate tasks, and boost your productivity.
789	Skyscanner	Skyscanner makes planning your next trip easy. Search flight deals and plan your next exciting trip.
790	Sleek Choice	Save time! Let's try effortlessly discover top-rated items within a specified budget range on Amazon.
791	Slide Maker	Create beautiful PowerPoint presentations. Export to PPTX, Google Drive, OneDrive and more.
792	Smart Connections	Chat with your notes integration for Obsidian.
793	Smart Slides	Smart Slides: AI-powered tool for rapid PowerPoint presentations. Just input needs and let AI do the rest.
794	Smarter Contracts	Analyze smart contracts and tokens on Ethereum.
795	SmartTicketsAI	Get Tickets For All Sports Events, Music Concerts, Theater And More With SmartTicketsAI.com.
796	Snappy Gifts	Personalized gift options for any budget or event, now or later, recipient's choice.
797	Social Search	The Social Search provides access to tweets, users, followers, images, media and more.
798	Solana Labs	Explore Solana blockchain data.
799	SourceScoutAI	Identify sources and experts for journalists.
800	Space	Space data including NASA.
801	Space Photo Explorer	Tool for exploring space through images including Mars Rover Photos, NASA image database, and space pictures of the day.
802	Space Server	Access NASA's technology transfer, Mars weather, SSD/CNEOS, Nasa Photos - By Nabil Brag.
803	SPARQL Query	Returns Query Solution Page for Query Text.
804	Speak	Learn how to say anything in another language with Speak, your AI-powered language tutor.
805	Speechki	The easiest way to convert texts to ready-to-use audio — download link, audio player page, or embed!
806	Speedy SEO Marketing	SEO tool for your Shopify store, ecommerce website or any business. Create strategy, blogs and social content.
807	Spendless	Discover personalized Amazon products at unbeatable prices. Now available in the US.
808	Spirify QR Code	QR Code generator for text or URLs. It's a general-purpose tool that also enables QR code puzzle games with AI.
809	Splitgraph	Search thousands of public datasets available on the Splitgraph Data Delivery Network.
810	Sponsored.pro	Product photography prompt generator. Start your prompt with 'Sponsored' followed by a few words about colors, props.
811	SSENSE	Enjoy personalized product recommendations from over 500 luxury and lifestyle brands.
812	StackOverflow Plus	Expand your knowledge beyond 2021/09/01. Get recent questions and answers from Stack Overflow.
813	Statis Fund Finance	Financial data tool for analyzing equities. You can get price quotes, analyze moving averages, RSI, and more.
814	Staypia	Find your perfect travel destination & hotels. Look for pet-friendly towns in USA, stargazing spots in Europe, and more!
815	StealthTest	Ship web3 apps & NFTs faster with StealthTest: Ethereum, Polygon, & Moonbeam private testnet.
816	SteamReviewsWatcher	Get steam reviews for the requested game and process them as you want, make summary's, extract pros and cons, etc.
817	Stepstone Jobs	Explore job openings in Germany. 120,000+ opportunities to discover.
818	Stoic	Get a stoic quote by typing 'stoic'.
819	Stories	Create beautiful, illustrated stories easily.
820	Storybooks	Create bedtime stories that instill a love for reading, spark creativity, and build important life skills.
821	Strology	Get daily astrological predictions for your sun sign.
822	Substack IQ	Explore Substack! Provide a link, chat with articles, find new authors, search all of Substack, & more.
823	Sudoku	This is a sudoku game. You use voice or text to play.
824	Supercharger	Awesome Tesla trips: find a route, including supercharger stops. Bonus: chat with the Tesla manual!
825	SuperColleague	Let AI tools do your work.
826	Supermetrics	Effortlessly tap into Facebook Ads data & gain insights. Trusted by 1M+ marketers worldwide.
827	SuperStock Fine Art	Returns a set of URLs to examples of fine art requested by user.
828	Surveillance API	Explore the Synology Surveillance Station API documents and generate example code.
829	SurveySparrow	Create and deploy interactive surveys effortlessly with AI for valuable insights.
830	Swft cross chain	Querying cross chain info and swap coins.
831	Tabechoku	We propose the perfect peaches for you from all over Japan.
832	Tabelog	Allows you to find restaurants in Japan that have availability for reservations.
833	Table Labeler	Perform labeling, data extraction and text transformation, for Excel or CSV spreadsheet columns.
834	Tabor - Medicare	Provides info on Medicare plans, eligibility, and benefits. Helps users make informed decisions.
835	Tabor - Sr. Living	Trusted source for senior living market research, data, and analytics. 35K communities, 9K operators in the USA.
836	TagVenue	Search for event venues and spaces in Australia, Canada, Ireland, Singapore, the UK, and the USA.
837	Tailor ERP Generator	A tool to help creating tailor-made ERP application.
838	Take Code Captures	Capture, beautify, and share your code snippets easily.
839	TalentOrg	Find and hire freelance engineering talents from around the world.
840	Talk Law Brazil	Interact with laws and bills in progress in the Brazilian Congress.
841	Talk With Code	Send GitHub link and ask any aspect of the code.
842	Talk With Docs	Ask any questions to your docs.
843	TalkFPL	Talk with AI to help you manage your FPL team. Compare players, transfer options and more.
844	Tan Pilot	Provides optimized web access ability.
845	Tarot	Experience powerful, personalized readings. Let the cards give you spiritual insight and guidance.
846	TaskML	Manage your projects and tasks. Quickly create projects, add tasks / todos, and mark them as done.
847	TaskOracle	Hey Neo, take the red pill less, let me guide you with the optimal tools to smash your to-do list like Hulk.
848	Tasty Recipes	Discover recipe ideas, meal plans and cooking tips from Tasty's millions of users!
849	TechPulse	Get top/new/ask/show/job stories from HackerNews.
850	Telegraph Export	Export text to Telegraph.
851	Telescope Labs	Data retrieval, analysis and visualizations related to web3 games who are onboarded as a blockchain game.
852	Testosterone Meals	Designed diet plans that aim to boost your testosterone levels naturally.
853	Text Count	Count the number of words and characters in a text.
854	The Bolt	Energize your chat with tools from thebolt.ai that enhance your productivity and workflow.
855	The Diet Search	You can search the Japanese Diet Proceedings by request, news, or other text.
856	The Knot	All-In-One wedding planning with tools, guides, & inspo to make your wedding journey effortless.
857	The Remembotron	Simple long term memory. Store lists, tasks, and other information. Recover it in other chats when you need it.
858	ThemeParkHipster	Find theme park waiting times around the world.
859	There's An AI For It	Find the right AI tools for any use case, from the world's largest database of AI tools.
860	ThinkSchool by Spext	Chat with the Think School library on Spext.
861	TianGong	Search through academic papers and professional documents.
862	Tic Tac Toe	Playing a game of Tic Tac Toe with varying board sizes. You can submit your move and get the AI's response move.
863	TickTick	TickTick for managing a TODO list, you can add, remove and view your TODOs.
864	TILNOTE	Search your notes and answer your question. Write a note and embed it for retrieval using tilnote.io.
865	TimeMachine	Enhances AI with real-time awareness, providing current time in various formats and timezones.
866	TimeMachine	Time is an illusion.
867	TimeNavi	Interact with your calendar. Analyze and create events, understand and plan your time better.
868	Timeport	Begin an exciting journey through time, interact with unique characters, and learn history in this time-travel game!
869	Tint Bolt	Tint Bolt is an administrative tool that helps automotive window tinting businesses manage their day to day operations.
870	Tira	Shop Tira for top beauty brands! Explore cosmetics, health products & more online. Your beauty store awaits
871	TL;DR	⏳ TL;DR ⏐ 👉🏽 /tldr to summarize text or a webpage 👉🏽 /sentiment for a tl;dr sentiment analysis ❓/instructions for help.
872	Today's Top Deal	Find the best deals on Amazon today.
873	TokenInsights	Get realtime crypto price, BTC, ETH, BNB, and the latest insights.The latest coin news and airdrop opportunities.
874	Tokyo OpenData	Search for OpenData in Tokyo, using the Tokyo OpenData Catalog Site.
875	Tomorrow.io Weather	Predicting, planning, and adapting to the weather forecast via contextualized chat-based insights.
876	TomTom	Explore maps, get traffic updates, find destinations, plan routes and access local insights.
877	Too Long Didn't Read	Enter any URL.
878	Toolblox	Text to smart-contract. Describe a process to generate a smart-contract and deploy to any blockchain.
879	Top Agencies	Find top marketing and design agencies around the World by service, locations, and ratings.
880	Topical Authority	AISEO topical authority tool will generate the topical authority for any topic and helps you dominate your niche.
881	TotalQuery Search	Go beyond google search: harness the combined power of 70+ search engines for ultimate web discovery.
882	TR Timetables	Query for the ID for Taiwan Railway stations and timetables for the specified departure and destination station.
883	Traders Insight	Decode the latest technical analysis ideas for stocks and bitcoin from top traders.
884	TradingBro	Get financial data for your trading/learning: earning call, analyst view, DCF, sales details, insider trading etc.
885	Trambellir.com	Online Marketplace for Wellness holidays.
886	TranslationRater	How good is a translation? Prompt for translation or type your own. Welocalize TranslationRater will evaluate it.
887	Travel Planning	Travel Planning assists in planning your trip. It generates a map with all the places and webpages for you to share.
888	Travelko	From worldwide sites, search & compare the lowest prices for Japanese hotels matching your wishes.
889	Travelmyth	Unleash personalized hotel search with Travelmyth, offering 60 unique categories for the perfect match.
890	Trax Codes	Access the largest collection of up-to-date Canadian building codes and other regulations for the construction industry.
891	Trending Music	Service for finding the trending music, by genre, countries, and top songs globally.
892	Trip.com	Discover the ultimate travel companion - simplify your flight and hotel bookings. Enjoy your effortless trip!
893	Tripadvisor	Discover the finest hotels, restaurants, attractions, and experiences for your next adventure!
894	Tryp.com	Tryp.com's AI-driven inspirational travel engine, allows adventurous souls to travel way more, for way less!
895	TrySpree	TrySpree is a website that finds free samples for you to try.
896	TTS 11labs	Convert text to speech with diverse voices & models. Easy to use for narration, games & more.
897	Tubi	Watch Free Movies and TV Shows Online.
898	Turing Developer	Search and hire the world's most deeply vetted developers from Turing.com.
899	Turo	Search for the perfect Turo vehicle for your next trip.
900	Tutory	Access affordable, on-demand tutoring and education right at your fingertips.
901	twtData	Get Twitter data on any public Twitter account's including their name, bio, follower count and much more.
902	txyz.ai	Explore the universe of research. Search and compare papers, and answer questions.
903	Typeform	Create forms, quizzes, and surveys—designed to stand out.
904	TypeScript Analyzer	Analyzes TypeScript, JSX/TSX, and JavaScript files for linting, autocompletion, error checking, and type checking.
905	Uberchord	Find guitar chord diagrams by specifying the chord name.
906	UK Latest News	Get the latest news stories from the UK's top news outlets including BBC News, Sky News, The Independent, and others.
907	UK Politics	Search through UK political documents such as speeches, press releases, voting records, and candidates' profiles.
908	Ukr-School-Books	Interact with a books database. List, get content, and find books.
909	Universal	Enables to access web pages, analyze PDFs, generate QR codes, etc.
910	UOL	I deliver a selection of the main news and the important events of the day to inform you. Native language: Portuguese.
911	Upskillr	Custom curriculum, lesson plans, and upskilling support on any topic by Upskillr. Powered by Shorthills Tech.
912	Urban Ladder	Search & Browse from Urban Ladder Product Catalog.
913	US Federal Law	Get up to date access to Federal law.
914	UwU Translator	Use this to translate text into 'UwU' language.
915	ValidatorAI	Get objective feedback and an elevator pitch for your business idea.
916	VBOUT AI MARKETING	Create email campaigns, manage leads and schedule social posts in VBOUT, using simple prompts.
917	Vehicle Data IL	An Israel-focused tool, extracting car details from data.gov.il based on model, year, hue, and count.
918	VELTRA	A tool designed to provide personalized tour activity suggestions.
919	Veridas Docs	Answers questions about Veridas products using the official documentation.
920	Video AI by Invideo	Transform text to stunning videos with invideo AI. Your video copilot for YouTube, TikTok, Instagram Reels, and Shorts.
921	Video Captions	Convert Youtube links into transcribed text, enable asking questions, create chapters, and summarize its content.
922	Video Highlight	Explore, research, and interact with YouTube videos and personal videos.
923	Video SEO Copilot	I'll write & update YouTube video descriptions from transcripts, identify SEO keywords, and boost video visibility.
924	Video Summary	Summarize YouTube video highlights. Generate summaries from YouTube video URLs.
925	VideoInsights.io	VideoInsights.io lets you interact with online video platforms like Youtube or Daily Motion.
926	VidIQ	Discover and summarize trending videos on YouTube.
927	Vio.com	A better deal on your next hotel, motel or accommodation booking.
928	Visla	Turn your idea, script or webpage into captivating videos with AI-driven magic!
929	VisualizeYourData	Instantly transform your raw data into stunning, insightful visuals and charts.
930	Visuogen	Visualize your CSV data with charts. Create, edit, and evaluate effortlessly.
931	Vivian Health	Take the first step to finding your next healthcare job.
932	Vivid Seats	Discover local events and find tickets with Vivid Seats.
933	VoiceOver	Convert text into natural-sounding speech.
934	VoiExplorer	Voi network explorer and search with enriched augmented data. Built by GoPlausible!
935	VOMO	Type 'record' or 'create' to take notes and save them to VOMO. Type 'save to vomo' to save the current conversation.
936	VoxScript	Enables searching of YouTube transcripts, financial data sources, and Google Search results, and more!
937	VPLATE Video Ads	Hey AI, Create Video Ads - Enter Product Info, Get Stunning Video Ads in a Snap!
938	Wahi	Hey Ontario, ask and get so in the know on the latest listings, property insights and more.
939	Wallet Passes	Create Wallet Passes for iOS device (iPhone, iPod, iWatch) with ease!
940	Wanted Job Search	Explore and inquire about global job opportunities, and dive into the details of worldwide positions with precision.
941	Wantedly Visit	It will help you find a job in Japan or Singapore.
942	Water Tracker	A tool for recording and tracking your water intake records, drink more water, stay healthy.
943	Weather	Get the weather forecast for a US city or zip code. Visit https://weatherplugin.net for more details.
944	Weather	Provides weather forecast based on location. Includes temperature, precipitation, cloud cover, wind and much more.
945	Weather Meteosource	Accurate weather for chat-based insights - current, forecasted, and historical. Updated in real-time.
946	Weather Report	Current weather data for cities and airports using METAR aviation feeds.
947	WeatherWhiz	WeatherWhiz: Accurate current weather and forecasts for any location.
948	WeatherWizard	Get current weather information from around the world. Powered by WeatherAPI.
949	Web Reader	Read and search data from URL link to website / webpage. Supports PDF, Word files, Excel, CSV, Google Drive and more.
950	Web Requests	Goodbye Knowledge Cutoff, Hello World! This is your AI assistant's web browser. Just enter a URL. Google, Wiki, GitHub.
951	Web Search AI	Real time search results. Browse and summarize multiple pages with AI scraping.
952	Web3 User Activity	View any Web3 user's activities by entering a 0x address, ENS, Lens, and many other name services on the RSS3 Network.
953	Web5 assistant	Assistant for developers building a web5 application by providing examples, documentation and writing web5 code.
954	Webbots - Ask a Bot	Start with 'Ask bot '. Visit webbot.chat to create & share a free bot. Powered by Maigrate.
955	WebDev	Build a live website within seconds directly from the chat and preview and test HTML code with JavaScript and CSS.
956	Webpage Summarizer	Allow the bot to access information contained in a webpage via its URL, by default returning a summary.
957	WebPilot	Browse & QA Webpage/PDF/Data. Generate articles, from one or more URLs.
958	WebRewind	Get the picture of a website at a specific date.
959	Website Builder	Generate websites for businesses in Chat, presentations, finance, charts, diagrams, document,pdf.
960	Website Performance	Measure key metrics about your website - performance, accessibility, best practices, SEO, PWA.
961	websitestoreAI	An interactive plugin for websitestore
962	Welt NewsVerse	Stay informed with the latest news from welt.de.
963	What To Watch	Search for current shows, get recommendations, and find out where things are streaming.
964	What's Trending?	Explore trending searches, keywords, & hashtags by topic across YouTube, Instagram, Amazon, and Google.
965	Whimsical Diagrams	Create and edit flowcharts and mind maps.
966	WhizList	Your go-to for creating amazing Spotify playlists.
967	Whois Domain Checker	A Whois app that takes a list of space-separated domain names, performs the Whois for each domain.
968	WikiDocs	You can search for books on Wikidocs and create books.
969	Wikipedia	Ask questions about general knowledge, current events, and breaking news, and get up-to-date answers from Wikipedia.
970	Wisecube Orpheus	Wisecube AI plugin lets users search the largest biomedical knowledge base and access billions of facts.
971	Wishbucket	Unified product search across all Korean platforms and brands.
972	WizeCharts	Create and share beatiful and highly customizable charts.
973	Wolfram	Access computation, math, curated knowledge & real-time data through Wolfram|Alpha and Wolfram Language.
974	Word Counter	Count the number of words, and characters (with and without spaces).
975	Word Sneak	The AI has to sneak 3 secret words into your conversation. Guess the words to win the game!
976	WordCloud	Create word cloud images from text.
977	Wordly - Word Game	Play Guess the WORD AI game. You need to guess a 5 letter word! Start by asking to play WORDLY game.
978	Words Pro	Dive into an endless sea of five-letter mysteries. Can you decode them all?
979	Workout Generator	Create strength training workouts, for goals like muscle building, strength, and fat loss.
980	World Bank Data	Access global data on development, economics, demographics, and more from the World Bank Datasets using a query term.
981	World News	Summarize news headlines. You can ask for the latest news from various sources around the world.
982	World Records	Step into a world that celebrates the highest levels of human accomplishment. Witness the records!
983	WOXO	Turn your prompts into cool videos. Create eye-catching content in a snap!
984	WP Interact	Fetch or search posts from self-hosted WordPress websites, opening new possibilities for smart interaction with content.
985	WPressGenie	Manages a WordPress site. You can get, view and analyze details of WordPress posts and content.
986	WriteEasy	Get AI generated articles by providing a topic and links to use for inspiration or data.
987	xkcd AI	Immerse yourself in the humor and wisdom of xkcd comics with personalized explanations.
988	Xpapers	Effortlessly find real academic papers on arXiv. Dive into abstracts, references, and access public PDF URLs.
989	XtalPi	Provide drug discovery solutions and chemical services from XtalPi, your drug discovery partner.
990	Xweather	XWeather gives weather information for a location. Ask for the current weather, a 5-day forecast, or a radar image.
991	Yabble	Create insights instantly. Any audience. Any question. Yabble it.
992	Yay! Forms	Allows you to create AI-Powered Forms, Surveys, Quizzes, or Questionnaires on Yay! Forms.
993	Your AI Council	The AI council assesses queries through various agents, offering insights from many perspectives.
994	YouTube Summaries	Insights & Summaries for YouTube videos.
995	YT Caption Retriever	Tool for retrieving YouTube video captions. You can retrieve captions from any YouTube video by providing its URL.
996	YT Summarizer	💯Free YouTube Summarizer: Saves a lot of screen time by summarizing YouTube videos with timestamps.
997	Zapier	Interact with over 5,000+ apps like Google Sheets, Gmail, HubSpot, Salesforce, and thousands more.
998	Zefira Thoth Tarot	Draw and interpret Tarot cards, and perform text-based search on Tarot card information.
999	Zeo Route Planner	Plan your routes efficiently with Zeo Route Planner. Perfect for deliveries, road trips, or city tours.
1000	ZeroBounce	Validate email addresses using the ZeroBounce API.
1001	Zhibo8 Sports	Provides schedules for NBA, CBA, CSL, Premier League, Serie A, La Liga, Bundesliga, and Ligue 1.